Hey, good morning family. Thank you for joining me today. Truly, I'm so glad you're here.
You know, yesterday was a wow. I will forever be changed by what happened yesterday.
And I know a lot of people, because they weren't seeing it and I was trying to describe what I was seeing, don't get it a lot.
And the comment section kind of goes along with that. But today, I'm going to make it clear for you to let you understand what the Lord was showing me.
We were just singing 'The Lord is here'like you saw, and all of a sudden I saw the Lord said, 'I'm here, Brandon.'And I heard Him so clear and I said, 'Oh, the Lord is here.
The Lord is here. The presence of the Lord is filling my house.'And it was the glory.
I could feel the glory. Diana was sitting on the other side of the camera yesterday. Braden was doing the editing, remember?
She fell out and she was laying right here in the middle of the floor, and she was weeping before the Lord, but she started smelling the fragrance of the Father like she always does.
When the presence of the Lord fills the room, Diana will smell this fragrance of the Lord and it smells like sweet honeysuckle and all these other things that she describes, and it's absolutely glorious.
But I've never really smelled it, only glimpses. It will come and it fades away, and I can smell it, but it's never like it is for her.
But all of a sudden, when I was telling you I was hearing somebody singing, people said, 'Oh, Brandon, you heard me singing.'No, I wasn't hearing something in the natural; I was hearing in the spirit.
And all of a sudden, I heard them singing the song that I was singing: 'From glory to glory, He's changing us, changing us.'But it was multiple voices, and I froze.
That's why I was—it freaked me out a little bit because I thought, 'Well, my goodness, Diana, you're singing, too.'But you know, she was laying down there, but it sounded like it was right here, right here, everywhere.
And all of us: 'From glory to glory, He's changing us.'But I noticed one of the voices, and everybody goes, 'Who is Sister Lucy?'Her name is Lucy Harriott, I believe, is her name.
She is a lady that used to pray as a prayer warrior. And she is the twin sister of Lynn Hammond, who has a church up in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
And it's called Living Word Church. Living Word, I believe, is the church's name.
And they have a great congregation. They're a spirit-filled church.
They love the Lord and are really on fire. They're prayer warriors. They're a great prayer church. Her husband is Mimmon.
And if you're not familiar with it, I'd encourage you to look them up.
They're great people. So, I was hearing her when she used to be alive.
I heard old tapes and old CDs and things from back in the day. And I remember her voice, and I went, 'Diana, that's Lucy.
I hear Lucy.'And Diana knew who it was because we love to listen to her old stuff from when she was alive. She passed away, I believe it was 2010.
Well, I could hear the voice of Lucy and I was like, 'What in the world is that?'because I knew it was her voice.
And all of a sudden, I saw like this circle before my eye right here, right here.
It went poof and it popped out. It looked like a tunnel that was in the spirit realm right before my face.
And I could see the edges of this tunnel that looked like clouds, almost like you would see cotton candy.
That's a good way to describe it. Like cotton candy—pink, purple cotton candy, fluffy, cloud-looking cotton candy.
And it was on the walls of this tunnel. And as it went up, it had ridges.
But as I kept looking through it, the tunnel started moving and my spiritual eyes were moving with it, and I could see.
And all of a sudden, I went through the tunnel up to where it ended, and there was a light there.
Everything was lit up. I'm going to tell you that there was no darkness at all.
But the light became brighter, and I looked through the tunnel, and then I could hear them singing even louder: 'From glory to glory.'And I asked the Father, 'What is this?'He said, 'This is the great cloud of witnesses.'All of a sudden, I could see everything within probably a 20-foot radius.
I could see this massive tree, a beautiful oak tree with beautiful leaves on it that had no darkness on them or shadows at all.
The leaves were all different kinds of shades of green, but there was no darkness.
Like, you know, when you see leaves on top of each other, there are shadows on there, but there were no shadows on this tree.
And the wood was beautiful, vibrant wood on this tree trunk, okay?
I saw green grass all around. That was the first thing I saw because the tree was the tallest. As I'm coming up through this, I could see the tree.
But then I looked down, and as I'm coming up through this hole, this thing, whatever this was, this portal, I could see Lucy sitting in a rocking chair.
And she had her head down like this, and she was rocking and she was praying. She was praying in this rocking chair.
And then on the right side of her, right here, was Brother Halverson, who is another amazing prayer warrior in his time on the earth.
He's no longer here either. And he was sitting next to her right here.
And Brother Halverson was praying and he was saying, 'Minnesota, Minnesota.'And he was praying out Minnesota.
And they were praying together about Minnesota. And I could hear them praying about Minnesota, and I'll get to that more in a minute.
Jeanie Wilkerson, who is another major prayer warrior, was sitting next to Brother Halverson.
On this side was Rachel Teafatiller, who is another amazing prayer warrior in the time back in the 1950s, 1940s.
She was a prayer warrior at Collinsville where I go to church, and she went home to be with the Lord.
She's praying next to Jeanie Wilkerson, who was friends with Kenneth E.
Hagin and she prayed in the camp meetings and all kinds of stuff. She was a great prayer warrior, but they were so young.
This was Jeanie Wilkerson, Rachel Teafatiller, and then Sister Woodworth-Etter.
Sister, I know I probably butchered the lady's name, but Sister Woodworth-Etter was sitting next to Rachel Teafatiller.
How I knew because I said, 'Lord, who is this lady with the double bun?'She had her hair up, big poofy Pentecostal hair, and it was a bun on top of a bun.
And I thought, 'You never see that.'But she was wearing her hair as a bun on top of a bun, and she was very old-school Pentecostal looking—old-school.
And I asked the Lord after—this is how I know. I was praying after it was over, after our prayer session, I said, 'Lord, what did you just show me?
What was that?'He said, 'That's Sister Woodworth-Etter, Brandon. She's an elder.
Go look her up.'So, I went and I had Diana—I said, 'Diana, would you look this name up?
This is who the Lord said that other woman was, sitting next to Rachel Teafatiller.'And she looked, she goes, 'Oh my gosh.'Then there was another lady there, and I don't know who that was.
I still don't. She was sitting, looking at Lucy, and I said, 'Lord, what are they doing? What are they doing?'after I could see all this stuff.
But I don't say a lot of things that I'm saying, but I'm saying it in my spirit toward the Father, and you don't know I'm saying it because I'm talking to Him.
And I said to Him, 'What are they doing?'He said to me, 'Brandon, this is a prayer group.'I'm like, 'A prayer group in heaven?
Why are they praying?'He said, 'Brandon, they're praying on an assignment for the revival that's about to take place on the earth.'He said, 'They're assisting you.
They're helping you.'I know the Bible says that Jesus is at the right hand making intercession for all of us, but I was like taken back by it because I was thinking, 'Is this biblical?'you know, because I don't know this in the Word, because I'm always questioning everything.
But I know that as on earth, as it is in heaven, and that's the scripture that I'm going to go by, that they were praying in heaven and they're praying on the earth.
And these people were praying. Were they crying? No. So I said, "Lord, what are they praying about?"And they were interceding for revival in Minnesota.
I heard Brother Halverson kept praying for revival. And all of a sudden, Living Word Lynne Hammond's church—with Lucy as the head of the prayer group—she was sitting in a rocking chair.
Now, I got to go back to this. What were the others sitting on?
They were sitting on a patchwork quilt on top of the beautiful green grass. And each little square was purple and pastel colors.
Beautiful pastel colors like Easter colors, beautiful Easter-like pastel spring colors.
There was purple, blue, pink, and white, but it was all like these little squares. And there was a patchwork quilt.
And on top of the purple squares, I could see beautiful little daisies with little white flowers with a yellow ring, a yellow little print on the inside of it.
And they were all little bitty flowers on top of the beautiful purple squares.
And on the blue squares were different things, but all the different flowers created a beautiful quilt that they were sitting on, praying.
But at the corners of each of the squares where they joined together was a beautiful ribbon of yellow.
A beautiful ribbon of yellow was at the corner of each four corners of all of the quilt pattern.
It was like it ran up through, and I could see it, and at the edges was a beautiful embroidery of some kind of beautiful print that was around it, and it was so beautiful.
But Lucy was sitting in a wooden rocking chair. It looked oak, and it was like an old one you would get at Cracker Barrel.
You know, like if you're in America, we have a restaurant called Cracker Barrel, and they sell a wooden rocking chair that you sit on your porch with.
And that's the kind of Southern rocking chair that it was. It's a real Southern thing.
Wooden rocking chairs like this are what we have down in the South, and they sell them at Cracker Barrel and you can get them.
That's the kind of wooden rocking chair Lucy was in. But she was at the edge of it.
She wasn't leaning back in her chair; she was at the edge leaning forward, and Brother Halverson was leaning forward.
And I could see Jeanie Wilkerson was leaning back, and the others, and they were all just interceding and praying for a revival in Minnesota.
As they were praying, I could hear them saying Minnesota, praying for Lynne Hammond's church, which is Living Word, which I told you.
And that's Lucy, her sister. But they were praying for this, right?
And all of a sudden—I'm trying not to skip around—all of a sudden, I saw a massive fire break out inside of a Holy Ghost and fire—a wave of His glory hit that church.
And the Lord spoke to me, and He said, "I visited this church in the '90s, Brandon."He said, "But this was with Lynne and her husband."And He said, "Brandon, I'm going to visit it with this new generation, and there will be a great move of My presence one more time on this church, and I will pour out My spirit, and there will be a mighty revival in Living Word as they were interceding for it."And I saw it like echo all throughout Minnesota, and people were getting born again by the tens of thousands.
The glory is coming, folks. But He was showing me hot spots. And as it became on fire, it became like a brush fire; it started spreading out.
It didn't stay there on that church; it started spreading out.
And there was charred ground on the land like you see when the fires are moving. And every one of the—I call them hot spots.
There was a hot spot when I was praying; I saw it in Branson and Tulsa and Fort Worth.
But then I looked to the east, and I saw hot spots popping up all over the east, Kentucky, Tennessee, all over the place.
And He said, "The bluer the state..."Many said, "What are you talking about, the bluer the state?"He said, "The bluer the state, Brandon, which is Democrat, it's liberals."He said, "The bluer the state, the greater the harvest."That's what He said.
"The bluer the state, son, the more liberal it is, the greater the harvest.
Don't look at it as this dark blue, because the darker blue it is, the greater the harvest."That's what the Father said.
Because Minnesota is very blue, very liberal, and the Lord said, "The greater the blue, the greater the harvest."Hallelujah!
I tell you, I saw it. And then I looked to the west, and there were those hot spots popping up all over the place.
They were all in Oregon, they were all in Washington, they were all in California, they were in Nevada, and they were popping up.
And this is what He told me. You remember when I told you about the popcorn?
He said, "You don't know where the next revival is going to start.
If you go heat up a pan, son, with some coconut oil in it, and you watch the pan, you don't know which one's going to pop next."He said, "That's the way this next revival is going to be.
They're going to be popping all over the place."He goes, "Because you're not going to control it."A lot of people, when you have an Asbury or whatever, or a Brownsville or whatever, people try to control it after a while.
"Well, you know, this is the way we should do it,"and they try to limit God in how He's doing things.
"Well, you know, it's getting out of hand. People are getting too radical; they're getting too noisy.
So, we've got to kind of corral this."And the Lord said, "You're not going to corral what's about to happen with your Pharisee thinking.
God is going to have His way."And I saw, as they were praying, their prayers—when we were praying together as a family—their prayers were rolling out of heaven, and they were popping me in the stomach.
And I was groaning the prayer, and we were assisting each other in prayer for the nations, for revival around the world.
And He said, "Brandon, you'll notice they won't get tired because they're not in their earthly body anymore.
They're in their glorified body, so they can pray all the time.
They don't go, 'I've got to take a break. We've got to have nighttime.
We've got to go eat.'They were praying like there's no time.
There's no time in heaven, do you understand? So, they're continually praying.
They lose track of time because they're in the glory, and they were interceding for us to have revival, praying for us to have a glorious outpouring.
And I'm telling you, they were assisting. And as they were praying, the glory was coming out of them, and it was coming on me.
And that's what we were feeling in my house, and I could feel it bubbling up out of my spirit.
I was underneath that presence all night long. I felt it; it was so strong, like a cloak.
And the Lord kept showing me a cloak coming on me. I could see it.
And I told Diana, I said, "Boy, it's increasing."He said, "Heaven and earth are about to collide with the greatest harvest of souls and the greatest demonstrations and manifestations of My glory that this world has ever seen before."In a 24-hour period, Brandon, we're at the point of no return.
We're at that point. It's time to push. It's time to push. Do you understand what I'm trying to tell y'all?
It's time. He said, "You're looking there at that thread, that thin thread.
Remember that hair-thin thread when I said Adam's lease is coming up?"Do you understand?
We're about to step over the water's edge. We're about to step over the waterfall.
And the Lord told me, He said, "You are about to see something I longed for you to see."Why?
Because there was a lease. There was Adam's time frame of a 6,000-year window.
And we're about to step into the 7,000-year window with the seven-year tribulation and all the things that we're about to see.
We're about to see some radical things—radical, amazing things with the Holy Ghost and fire like we've never seen before. We've seen glimpses.
The Lord said, "You people have seen glimpses with Azusa, with Brownsville, with the Welsh revival."He said, "You have seen glimpses that lasted just for a window.""But Brandon, what I'm about to do will pale in comparison to what is about to happen in these last days."And I'm so excited about it.
But then he said, "I have to give you a warning about the plague.
I have to tell saints to stand and pray, and tell the people that I'm coming."And he talked about Psalm 91, and you all heard that.
But then I saw an asteroid, and he was talking about this telescope called Lucifer, and then he called it Satan.
And I thought, "This is a very demonic name."Of course, I'm not going to sit there and call it—I thought, "Am I hearing this right?"So Satan—this thing is called Devil—like, what is this?
So I saw this telescope in the Arizona West, and it is a massive thing. I saw a lens on this thing that was ginormous.
And as I was looking at this, I saw men talking in lab coats, like professors.
I don't know how else to say this, but they were writing down, and they said, "The odds are in our favor. The odds are in our favor.
It's unlikely that this will happen."China was involved, and they were communicating back and forth at what they were seeing coming, and China said, "This is going to hit.
This is serious."But the people in America were like, "I don't know.
I don't think so."But China was taking it seriously. They were freaking out.
I could see the Chinese men, who were very educated men, calculating and talking back and forth, and they knew something serious was about to happen and we were not going to avert it.
As I was looking over into outer space, I saw a massive rock headed toward Earth.
And they said, "We are not telling them because it will cause panic.
We will not tell them for it will cause panic, but the odds are more in our favor that it will not happen.
It will miss."But it will not. I saw another debris field, space debris, by this major rock. There was a whole bunch of them.
This was not a small piece of rock; this was a massive piece of rock—planet-sized, like a massive-looking rock, huge.
And the one that was beside it was smaller, but then the ones that they would consider "planet killers"were all behind it, like bunches of them.
And as this thing was moving, all these others looked like a debris field behind it.
I could see a debris field, and the Lord said, "Watch the sun.
Watch your tides, for things are going to change and change quickly.
Your water and your waves, the way the tides come in and come out because of the moon—things are going to start to shift like you've never seen before.
And your tides are going to start to act very strange, like you've never seen before."Tides were higher than average.
They came in further than what they were supposed to, and when they went out, they went out further than what they were supposed to.
I heard this and I could see it. Something was affecting the tides—this rock, something serious.
The Lord said, "Watch the pressure on the earth, for a major volcano is about to erupt.
But not only will it be one volcano, but it will be multiple all at the same time."I saw earthquakes more than 9.0—huge earthquakes in more than just one place. They happened in multiple places at the same time.
He said, "I told you and I warned you that it would affect the sun's light, the way it shines upon the earth, for it will cause the birds to want to migrate differently.
It will cause the animals to breed differently because there is confusion in nature.
They won't know when to fly south for the winter or go north for the summer."Things were acting weird. Animals and creation were acting weird.
He said, "Even your agriculture, your flowering, and your planting, and things like that, will even be thrown off with what's coming."I saw the magnetic earth.
I saw the pole and the way the earth was shifting and moving differently, and even your daytime will be different. The way the earth spins will be different.
And most people say, "Well, it's a flat earth."I'm not going to argue about this; for what I saw, it's a round earth.
And I'm telling you, even the sun will look different in the days ahead. You need to hear me because this is what I saw.
The Lord said, "Look at Venice, Italy."And I could see the water in the city acting weird, and there was flooding, and there was a rise of the tides, and there were water events—that's what I'm going to call them.
Water events are about to take place in Italy that have never happened before because of what's happening with our earth. Watch Venice, Italy. The Lord said, "Watch Rome.
Watch the volcano that's about to go off even in Europe."This will be an event that is not just in the Ring of Fire, but this will be a global event that starts taking place.
Then I saw India, and the Lord said, "Look at India, for a lot of the pagan temples will be destroyed with earthquakes in the days ahead."I saw the glory of God coming in, and there was a major revival all throughout India, all throughout all of these places where there were monkeys.
I saw monkeys on temples, old shrines completely decimated by earthquakes. I'm talking broken down like the walls of Jericho.
Those walls of these temples were completely decimated, flattened like there was nothing left but rubble.
And the Lord said, "I will bring in My presence, and I'm going to decimate those false gods and those false places of worship, and there will be a great revival throughout India."All throughout Asia, all throughout these places, I saw great Buddhist temples completely decimated by what's about to take place.
They were shaken to the ground, and I thought, "That is really interesting,"because I'm talking piles of rubble—piles of rubble for what's about to take place.
A major distraction is about to take place. And I asked Him, "Lord, is this two flying saucers?
Is this two alien ships?"This deceit that's about to take place is false.
It is demonic spirits. There is no such thing as aliens—you need to hear me.
But there are going to be things in the sky that are going to scare everybody in the days ahead because people are going to go, "Oh, no, ET really exists."No, it's fallen angels.
It's demonic things. This is how they're going to explain away the rapture of the church.
"Well, I don't believe in the rapture."I don't care what you believe; it's going to happen.
And I'm telling you, by the Spirit of God, you need to get your house ready.
If you're not on fire for Jesus, if your heart's not serving Jesus, today's your day.
You need to get right with the Lord. What's about to take place in the days ahead, you're going to see this.
You say, "Well, how long?"I don't know, I'm just here to warn you. I'm just here to warn you what's coming.
I saw this major alien ship, and it flies over the Vatican, and it goes over the Mayan temples down in Mexico.
And I said, "Lord, is there two of these?"because I keep praying about this.
And He said, "No, it's just one."And that's what's going to make everybody freak out, because they're going to see it moving across the ocean.
You understand? It's going to be something that's going to be on TV—balls of light moving across the ocean—and people are going to freak out in the days ahead.
Then I saw little bitty ships coming out of this mother ship that were balls of light, and it wasn't a real ship.
It was demonic-looking light that was traveling around, causing confusion in our skies.
You say, "Brandon, that sounds way out there."Yeah, it is. It was way out there to me. I didn't even want to talk about it, but I'm instructed to.
You say, "Well, Brandon, that sounds like you're on something."Well, no, folks, I'm just here to warn you.
And as wild out there as it sounds, fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
I'm here to warn you. The enemy is not playing fair with trying to deceive people with what's coming.
He's going to throw all the curveballs he can to try to deceive the nations.
When the antichrist steps on the scene and he says, "Hey, we have a solution for all the problems in the days ahead.
Oh, I have peace. I'm going to bring peace. I'm going to bring in prosperity.
I'm going to do all this, but all you have to do is bow your knee to me on Fridays.
And you're going to have to get a chip. You're going to have to do all these things.
But it's going to be a solution because we're going to take care of all this with AI.
AI's got the cure to diseases. AI's got all this stuff. We're going to fix diabetes. We're going to fix cancer. We're going to fix autism.
We're going to do all these things through AI with what I've got with the technology."And I'm telling you, if you just serve me on Fridays and you do all what I tell you to do, we're going to fix all your ailments.
Watch. I'm telling you, they're going to get everybody hook, line, and sinker.
"Oh, he's a nice guy. Don't you know he has the plan to help everybody?"It's coming.
None of us will be here to see it—the ones that are believing believers that have their lamps full of oil. And the Lord told me, He said, "Pray.
They're going to try to get another major virus in the days ahead."I saw a major virus, and the Lord said, "Raise up. Pray, church.
Pray that the glorious church rises."And they're going to be looking at us: "Do you have a solution for this new virus?"And we don't need to be handling it like we did COVID.
You can either hide in your church or hide in your house or whatever and be afraid of things, or we can be the glorious church and rise up and pray and take our authority over things.
Last time, people were caught off guard in 2019. I heard it six months in advance that there was a major virus, but I didn't have a platform to warn everybody like I do now.
And the Lord told me, "I'm giving you a window, Brandon, pray and tell them that they're going to try to do it again.
But this time it will be COVID on steroids and it's going to be a whole different strain.
It's a whole different thing."And I'm trying to warn you about this that they have a plan in the future.
It's not that far off. But not only will it affect humans; I saw it affecting cattle.
It will affect your pets. It will be something that—I saw dead dogs everywhere.
I saw cattle dead everywhere, birds, everything, because it wasn't just about humans.
It was about livestock, everything. And it was spreading through everything.
And it was like a plague, like medieval times, like the Black Plague of death. It was awful.
But for the glorious church, there was light in Goshen and it was dark in Egypt.
And I'm telling you, in the household of faith, if you raise up, if you pray and you read your Bible and you know the Word, He said, "A thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but it will not come nigh you."I told the Lord, I said, "What things can we stop?
What things can we stop?""Terrorist attacks, you can stop. You can stop plots against churches.
You can stop all these things."But He said, "You cannot stop Matthew 24, Brandon. Wars and rumors of wars...
You can be at the right place at the right time and it won't affect you because you're My beloved.
Be where I tell you to be and do what I tell you to do, and hear Me and keep in sync with Me all the time, and know nothing will come nigh you."Listen to me and listen again.
Matthew 24 will take place: wars and rumors of wars, plagues, pestilence, earthquakes in diverse places, massive storms, all these things, seas and waves roaring, men's hearts failing them for fear, looking after those things coming on the earth.
We're going to see things like we've never seen before because the Bible said we were going to see them.
But there are certain things we can stop and there are certain things we can't.
And I'm going to tell you, the things we can't stop, because they're going to happen, don't have to affect you.
We're in this world, but we're not of this world, right? We're underneath the shadow of the Almighty.
We're underneath His feathers, and underneath His pinions shall we trust.
He's watching over me. Goodness and mercy are following me all the days of my life. I'll dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
That doesn't say that we won't go through the valley of the shadow of death, but I will fear no evil, and His rod and His staff, they comfort me.
He prepares a table before me in the presence of all my enemies.
He told me He would take care of me, and I just believe with all my heart that He will. And that's where I want you all to be.
Regardless of what we see coming and the birthing pains, He said, as labor pains are coming upon a woman.
"Brandon, it's going to get really radical now when we go to Rosh Hashanah."He said even more from September—it's on like the 21st or something—when we hit this time frame, an acceleration of things is going to happen even on a greater level.
"But I'm giving you a window for a financial outpouring. Believe for it. Pray for Judge Torres.
Pray for these judges to let go of the crypto and that these corrupt people will set boundaries and laws and establish it so that it will be a blessing to the body of Christ."People need to be listening.
It won't all come through certain investments that you think it will come through.
Don't try to limit God in your natural mind. Think bigger. The Lord said, "You're not thinking big enough.
You're thinking it has to come through one certain thing."And everybody knows this is the one certain thing.
It's this, this, this. But He said, "Brandon, I have a million and one ways to get you a million dollars.
Brandon, do you understand? I am the God of more than enough.
I'll provide for your ministry. I'll do whatever you need if you just ask me in faith.
Do you understand? My hand is not short. He's not a T-Rex. Do you understand?
He is exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think.
And for what I've seen coming, you better get your house in order and get your heart right before the Lord.
No more playing church. If you thought COVID was bad, folks, you haven't seen nothing compared to what I've seen.
Most people, it will steamroll them because their hearts are not ready and their hearts are not right with the Lord. They play church and it's not time to play church anymore.
It's time to be either hot or cold; if you're lukewarm, He will spew you out of His mouth."You say, "Well, where's the grace in all this?"I believe His grace is sufficient for every single one of you.
But you've got to be on the side of where the devourer is rebuked.
He said He rebuked the devourer for your sake. I'm a tither; I have tither's rights.
He said in His Word that a thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand.
Do you believe it? I believe it. His angels will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Do you believe it? You're either a believing believer or you're a doubting Thomas. And I refuse to be a doubting Thomas.
I'm a believing believer who believes that He said He will do what He said He will do.
Either we are or we're not. And in these last days, we're going to see this.
What He told me, He said, 'There's too much static in the air. There's too many false prophetic words going forth.
They're listening to familiar spirits, and they're speaking to itching ears, and they're not warning what I'm trying to tell you.
You either speak for Me or you sit down and be quiet, because I'm telling you, judgment begins in My house first.'And many people don't like that, but He said, 'I'm cleaning house, Brandon, and I'm really about to clean house.'There'll be righteous people rising up who have never had a platform before, similar to mine, who rise up and say exactly what He says to say.
And you're going to see signs and wonders that follow them that believe.
He said the true demonstrations and the manifested presence of the sons of God, when you're moving and doing what He's told us to do, you're going to see signs and wonders.
And I'm telling you, I believe it with all my heart. We're about to see things like we've never seen before.
But it's time for it to be like it was with Jeremiah and all these others that you see. When they speak for God, you're going to see things.
You're going to start to see the manifestation of what they're saying, and you're going to see healings and demonstrations in the glory.
And so, all this—you know, there's so many far-out words. I told Braden, I said, 'God's not schizophrenic. God's not double-minded.
And God doesn't have a thousand different prophetic words that are just all over the place.'And you go, 'Well, that doesn't even—what?'Hold on.
Oh, no. It causes confusion. There's too much confusion, too many people parroting things, too many different words.
And the Lord said, 'I'm dealing with this.'And that's what He said.
'Brandon, your main job is to tell what you see I'm telling you in prayer, and you relay what I'm saying.'I don't consider myself a prophet, I've told you all that, but He said, 'I want you to pray and intercede for the revival and lead My people to Jesus.'That's your main priority right now: lead the people to Jesus.
And He said true prophetic voices will be leading people to Jesus. They'll have altar calls.
They'll tell people they're going to hell if they don't repent, telling people that Jesus is coming, like John the Baptist in the wilderness eating locusts and honey, telling everybody, 'There's one coming.
There's one coming, folks, and Jesus is coming. It's time to repent.'You need to hear me: Jesus is coming, and you need to get your heart right before Him today.
As I tell you all these things—some of it's fun, some of it's not fun for me to say—but I'm telling you, it's time for you to repent today and give your heart to Jesus Christ.
If you're listening to this video right now and you're saying, 'Brandon, I don't have Jesus.
I don't know what I'm going to do if I die tonight,'I'm going to ask you this: If you die tonight, where will you spend eternity?
If you die today on the way to work or on the way home from work, where will you spend eternity?
Hulk Hogan, I know where he's spending eternity. He gave his heart to Jesus. He was water baptized. He loves Jesus.
I don't know about Ozzy Osbourne or the Huxtable guy that drowned or whatever.
There's so many people that have passed away in the last couple of weeks that were celebrities.
I don't know where they were with Jesus Christ, and it's not my job to judge them and say, 'Well, I believe they went to hell,'or, 'They went to heaven.'I don't know.
They could have met Him at the last second of their life. I don't know.
But all I know is that if you don't know Him, where will you spend eternity?
Do you know Him? Does He know you? I'm not talking about knowing about Him.
I'm not talking about, 'Well, I knew a couple of Bible verses, John, and you know, because Tebow had it on his face.'I'm talking about really, truly knowing Him, not a scripture that you heard a couple of times, maybe when you went to Sunday school when you were a kid.
I want you to really be sold out for Jesus today. It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that, the judgment.
Jesus paid the price, and He came. He was public about His crucifixion.
He was public about how much He loved you. He died publicly, and you have an opportunity right now. It says no man comes to the Father unless he be drawn by Him.
And today, you have your opportunity because if you feel that tug at your heart right now as I'm speaking, you feel that inward scratching, you just go, 'There's something about what he's saying.'Jesus died for every single one of you to live with Him in paradise forever.
He paid the price, the ultimate price, for you to go to heaven.
All you have to do is say a simple prayer and ask Him to be your Lord and Savior and ask Him to forgive you.
It says in Romans, 'With the heart one believes unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.'So you've got to believe it with your heart and you've got to confess it with your mouth.
You've got to believe Jesus Christ died for you in your heart, but not only do you believe it in your heart, but you've got to confess it with your mouth.
'I believe Jesus Christ died for me, and He loves me, and I'm a Christian, and He's forgiven me.'With the heart one believes unto salvation, and with the mouth confession is made.
So as you confess this, I want you to publicly say, 'I want to be saved,'in the comment section right below.
Jesus died publicly, and you want to be public right now. He said, 'If you're ashamed of Me before men, I'll be ashamed of you before My Father.
If you confess Me before men, I'll confess you before My Father.'I need you right now to say down in the comment section below, 'I want to be saved.
I need to be saved. Today is my day.'As I say one, two, three, I want you to put it in the comment section right now and say, 'I want to be saved.'Do it publicly.
Do it boldly. Do it right now. I need Jesus as my Lord and Savior.
One, say it. Jesus died publicly for you. You become public for Him. Two, today's my day.
Three, right now, say it: 'I need to be saved.'Write it down in the comment section: 'Today's my day.
I need Jesus. Today's my day. I'm coming home. I'm not running from Jesus anymore.
Today's my day. From this day forward, I'll serve Jesus.'Now, I want to say this prayer with you. It's a simple little prayer.
Even a five-year-old child can say it, but all you have to do is mean it with your heart and mean it with all you've got.
Just mean it with your heart. It's not a head thing; it's a heart thing.
'Well, I've done so much, Brandon.'He knows what you've done, and He is waiting with His arms wide open for every single one of you.
It doesn't matter how bad of a sinner you think you are. There's nothing too big for God to forgive.
Nothing. 'Well, I've had an abortion. He's not going to ever forgive me for that.'Yes, He will.
'Well, I've murdered somebody. I've never told anybody I did it.'He'll forgive you for that, too.
There are consequences to things sometimes in the natural for laws, but Jesus said He'd forgive you.
He would, as far as the east is from the west, He said He's taken our sins from us.
Do you understand how much Jesus loves you? So I want you to know there's no sin too big and there's no sin too small.
Jesus forgave you of them all if you confess before Him and say, 'Jesus, forgive me and wash me in Your blood.'So we're going to say this prayer right now.
It's just a little prayer, and it's going to change your life forever.
Say it with your whole heart. Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day. I'm a sinner, Lord, and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness. From this day forward, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the world, and from this day forward, I serve you. I'll serve you from this day forward for the rest of my life.
Whatever I have left on this earth, and even in the future and life after, Father, going to heaven with you, I'll serve you all the rest of my life forevermore.
I'll serve you, Jesus. I surrender my life to you, Jesus. I need you.
And I thank you, Father, from this day forward, that my sins are washed in your precious blood.
You've forgiven me. You cleansed me from it, and you don't remember it anymore.
That's what you said, Lord. And I trust you that it's done. I love you, Jesus.
And I'm your son. I'm your daughter. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen.
And amen."That's so simple and so beautiful. But as you did that, all your past has become forgotten.
"Behold, I make all things new."That's what He said. So, what do you do? What do you do from this day forward? You find a Bible.
Because you're probably going to fall down and skin your knee if you've been a sinner,, for a long time.
I believe He'll change you from the inside out. But you have to get this Word of God down inside of you.
The Bible says you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free. You'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
The only way you're going to get free is not by seeing somebody do something or a special sermon.
It's by knowing the truth, the truth of God's Word. You've got to get the Word of God down inside of your heart.
You've got to pray every day, and you've got to read this Word, and you go to church and you tell the pastor, "Hey, I got born again watching a YouTube video of some guy talking about Jesus.
I gave my heart to Jesus today and I want to be water-baptized."I would say go to a good non-denominational church. A non-denominational church.
I wouldn't stick with some of these others, but I would go to a non-denominational church, a Bible-believing church that will say, "Hey, I want to get water-baptized.
I want to volunteer here. I want to plug in here. And I just want to get radical for Jesus."Behold, He said He made all things new.
Now, if you say, "Hey, Brandon, I can't afford a Bible. This whole thing is all new to me.
I'm making it from paycheck to paycheck. Could you help me?"Yes. In the description down below, there's an email address.
Put "I got saved"in the main headline of it and say, "I got saved today and I need a Bible.
I can't afford one, though."And I will buy you a Bible for free and we'll send it to you from Amazon.
We'll do it to be a blessing to you. I want to rejoice with you for the decision you've made today to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
And we rejoice with you in the decision you've made today. Tell us down below if you got born again today.
We're excited. Everybody else would like to rejoice with you and we want to celebrate you and what happened today.
And the angels of heaven are rejoicing with you as we rejoice with you.
Glory to God for the decision you've made today to accept Jesus Christ.
Welcome to the family. Welcome to the family. So, let's pray real quick. I'll pray for you.
Let's lift up your needs and we'll believe that today's your day for your breakthrough.
And after yesterday's video for two hours, I'm going to end this one right at this time and we're going to come back again and pray.
But why I made this video, I wanted to get all this out and put this on one video so that people could watch it and then we do more prayer videos, because they're getting lost and people are not hearing what I'm saying because they're too long.
Two-hour videos, and they'll watch 30 minutes and they go, "What is he talking about?"And I'm like, "This is important.
I'm telling you some things that are very serious that are coming and I need you to listen, but I know you don't have two hours in your day to give me."So, this was an hour and I'm like, "You know, I guess I don't want to ramble."I told Braden, I said, "They really need to hear what's coming.
It's very serious."So, that's why I try to make these—the prayer videos are long and the recap videos, I try to make them shorter.
And so, Father, we just thank you, Lord, for every single person who's here. We lift them up before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that they are healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes they're healed.
We pray for every single one of them, Father, for healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory to flow over their life today.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around them, Father, that no calamity comes nigh them, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
I thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord encamp around and about them, Father, and they bear them up in their hands lest they dash their foot against a stone.
We believe, Father, that those angels are not only protecting them, Father, they go and make a way, Father, of great favor. Great favor is over their lives.
Every single one of them, Father, they have favor when they go into an atmosphere, Father, that's charged with the presence of the Lord.
And people see them and they say, "What's different about them?"Father, I thank you, Lord, that we stand out in the darkness in these last days and people see that we are the salt and the light, and they go, "What is so different about you?"And it's all about Jesus.
We tell them it's all about Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, for every person that's represented here today.
We bless them in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that they are empowered to prosper.
And everything they put their hands to will prosper today. And that this will be a blessed day.
That goodness and mercy is following them and it's running them over with blessing and increase and multiplication and favor in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that their marriages are good. Their marriages are whole, their marriages are well, Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll never know divorce.
They'll never know the destruction of divorce, and to kill, steal and destroy.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we will see life and life more abundantly in every area of our life, spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally, all of it.
We are walking in abundant supply of your goodness and mercy because it's running us over, Father. Father, I thank you, Lord, for it.
I thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody say, "Amen."And amen. Well, we appreciate you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all the things that we talked about to help us with the algorithm, and we will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.